{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13420\viewh14580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Install GSL For windows\
\
2) Go to Start Menu > Control Panel > System.  (may need to switch view in Control Panel from "Categories" to "Icons" in Windows 7)\
\
Click on the "Advanced System Settings" link. Click the button Environment Variables at the bottom of the tab. Add the following variables to user variables (upper panel) by clicking "New\'85" button:\
\
\ul Variable\ulnone 	\ul Value	\ulnone \
INCLUDE	C:\\Program Files\\GnuWin32\\include	\
LIB		C:\\Program Files\\GnuWin32\\lib\
\
3) Launch Matlab\
\
4) run mex setup:\
\
>> mex -setup\
\
Welcome to mex -setup.  This utility will help you set up  \
a default compiler.  For a list of supported compilers, see  \
http://www.mathworks.com/support/compilers/R2012a/win32.html \
 \
Please choose your compiler for building MEX-files: \
 \
Would you like mex to locate installed compilers [y]/n? y\
\
Select Microsoft compiler:\
\
 \
Select a compiler: \
[1] Lcc-win32 C 2.4.1 in C:\\PROGRA~1\\MATLAB\\R2012A~1\\sys\\lcc \
[2] Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 SP1 in C:\\Program Files\\Microsoft Visual Studio 9.0 \
 \
[0] None \
 \
Compiler: 2\
\
Please verify your choices: \
 \
Compiler: Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 SP1  \
Location: C:\\Program Files\\Microsoft Visual Studio 9.0 \
 \
Are these correct [y]/n? y\
\
*************************************************************************** \
  Warning: MEX-files generated using Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 require \
           that Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 run-time libraries be  \
           available on the computer they are run on. \
           If you plan to redistribute your MEX-files to other MATLAB \
           users, be sure that they have the run-time libraries. \
*************************************************************************** \
 \
 \
Trying to update options file: C:\\Users\\sshanbhag\\AppData\\Roaming\\MathWorks\\MATLAB\\R2012a\\mexopts.bat \
From template:              C:\\PROGRA~1\\MATLAB\\R2012A~1\\bin\\win32\\mexopts\\msvc90opts.bat \
 \
Done . . . \
 \
************************************************************************** \
  Warning: The MATLAB C and Fortran API has changed to support MATLAB \
           variables with more than 2^32-1 elements.  In the near future \
           you will be required to update your code to utilize the new \
           API. You can find more information about this at: \
           http://www.mathworks.com/help/techdoc/matlab_external/bsflnue-1.html \
           Building with the -largeArrayDims option enables the new API. \
************************************************************************** \
\
4) open the mexopts.bat file created in step 3 (e.g. C:\\Users\\sshanbhag\\AppData\\Roaming\\MathWorks\\MATLAB\\R2012a\\mexopts.bat  ) in a text editor (notepad.exe, wordpad.exe, Word, etc.)\
\
Right click on file, select "Edit"\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}